COCO BEFORE CHANEL
Orphanage Obazine 1893
Girls! Who hopes
to have a visit, come with me.
- Are you coming?
- No.
- It's Daddy!
- I do not want.
I waited for my father one Sunday
after another.
But he never came.
Moulins, 15 years later
I lost my poor Coco,
the dog that I love,
... near the Trocadero
he is so far away.
I recognize
My greatest affliction ...
this loss so cruel ...
... was that while my man
more betrayed me ...
... Coco was more faithful to me.
You have not seen Coco
the Trocadero?
- "Co" in "Tro" -
Coco in the Trocadero?
I wonder who has seen Coco?
Hey! Coco! Hey! Coco!
Hey! Coco!
To Coco!
Thank you.
- Sit down a little.
- Have open space.
The girls are here.
To Coco!
Thank you.
Excuse me.
Where is it?
I am worth it?
Ah, very nice.
See your Baro there!
- Are you coming?
- No.
Come, please.
Do not be alone.
- Bravo!
- Honey, I present ...
... Etienne Balsan.
- Ah, yes. Great. Pleasure.
- Nice.
Gabrielle ...
- ... sister of Adrienne.
- Pleasure.
Fanny, the queen of the night.
Please.
Sorry if I am indiscreet.
Which
the two is the youngest?
Gabrielle.
The challenge is to guess.
26? 25?
If I'm bored, I'm wrong.
How funny it is!
And tonight?
How old are you?
Tonight, a thousand years.
Nice your sister!
Always says what she thinks?
And you? No?
No.
Where will
this beauty?
Well, here we are.
Let's drink!
Champagne.
Bottle.
I serve.
Thank you.
Let.
Champagne for Coco.
Gabrielle.
No, no. I do not like.
It looks disgusting.
Prefer Coco.
Coco is more ...
True.
Coco is beautiful!
Is extravagant.
Who
have bad taste!
But I like it!
You say something nice?
You do not speak that
not unpleasant?
When I speak
I have something to say.
Black eyes.
... Caroline, Caroline.
Put your patent leather shoes.
Caroline. It's Sunday.
Put your flowered hat.
Caroline, Caroline.
It stops well on the way.
Walk faster, my small
Or you'll make us lose the train.
Ladies! The skirt
is descosturando. It is urgent.
It is the frill of
lining. Take.
Oh, as if not
had nothing easier!
Please!
Finished.
- Do not tell me the end.
- Always the same story.
Blanche, the little orphan,
overcomes all obstacles ...
... and marries the prince.
- Come on, the story of my life!
- If you already have, had not thought of.
You're evil.
- Have you been to India?
- No.
Blanche yes, for
demonstrate ...
... who did not want the
Prince for his money.
You want me to go to India?
Expect a lot of money
of your Baron. This is a den.
Will not leave.
He loves me. You see?
He introduced me to his friend.
It is to show to friends
he sleeps ...
... with a young girl.
Love is beautiful only in novels.
It touches the heart.
The only thing that matters
in love is making love.
Too bad for this,
we need a man!
Come on, Cocoric?!
Come, gentlemen.
To Coco.
Grateful!
Thank you.
To Coco!
- You were fabulous!
- Thank you, Mr. Balsan.
- Very nice.
- No, really.
- She liked it back?
- Is it the last time ...
... missed some nuances.
I needed ...
Make me company?
- He said something that bothered?
- No, just wanted to leave us alone.
She believes in love and
I want to convert.
It may be a change
of air.
And then, what I
I have to do?
Blush?
Download the eyes?
Or say
"Please, dear?
... or:
"Yes, my love?"
I like "Yes, my love."
Yes, I like that.
A woman in love ...
... not more than one
submissive bitch.
Yes, with tongue
outward
... a bitch
lame.
A woman in love
is pathetic.
Are you nervous?
- No.
- Yes! You are nervous.
- Something to drink?
- Champagne.
See? I was sure that
I could use you.
He is very friendly
director of the house.
If you speak ill of the hall,
the owner is going to pamper.
Six times a day
can be in Paris!
- And beyond that, it pleases you?
- Balsan?
Are you crazy?
With that face.
Liar! I am sure
is irony.
It's so dopey
as the others.
And he has contacts.
We have to choose
another song.
- Something more chic.
- I agree.
And we have to get
money for this story.
Okay. Leftover
three bottles.
See how it is
so complicated?
Keep it up and
everybody wins.
But what is the secret?
Make me a whore
to fill their pockets?
Ah, so how?
Violet, you know
Coco's song?
- Yes
- For now, you sing.
And you go to hell.
Do not want to see more.
Not you too.
And now, as
we buy clothes?
Are you crazy?
... care with the horn! Run!
I am a woman  stingray.
I twist.
When I play,
be careful.
Or
electrocuted.
No, wrong.
When you sing ...
... "I am a woman ray" ...
You have to show
something amazing ...
... as swung
on the public.
Let. Again.
What are you doing?
Need at least 10 cm
off the back.
Are you crazy? You will open?
You have to be able to
move with the dress.
Are you comfortable?
Sing again.
Think will endure?
It would be amused
money fell.
At least, they would
than they would see.
Hello, Coco.
Good morning.
It's fun to see me
working like crazy?
No.
Very nice
this model!
We talk a moment?
Sorry, Madam.
Is that in a hurry.
I would love to
meet you.
- Still working at night?
- No.
Then you will
time?
Listen, I have an idea.
Do not fret.
Could invite her
dinner?
Better than
converted to the religion of love.
I?
- It's not my type.
- Just as well.
Miss?
You are not paid for
get chatting.
What do you say?
Okay.
Well, see you soon.
Lady ...
... if I may,
a very lively meeting.
Thank you.
- Do not eat it?
- Not at all.
As a child, we ate
daily, then enjoei.
My family was very rich.
My father was a merchant
wine.
I thought you
was an orphan.
Of course, for you
all the singers are.
I told you so.
Is that his sister told him ...
... die. And she said she
was an orphan. So, I said.
She likes to be the victim.
Do you think it is moving.
In fact, my father
loved. I was the favorite.
When my mother died,
was to make his fortune in America.
You see? I have a father.
I'm not an orphan.
Is no crime
be an orphan.
If not, I would
rotting in jail ...
... because I am an orphan.
- Oh?
- My parents died 2 years ago.
- Too bad.
- No, it is rather a joy!
It is payback.
We had
relationship indifferent.
It was all a
tricky.
- They hit on you?
- What?
If they beat you up?
No, by God.
For what?
I wish I had had reason
to hate them, but ...
... no! Say
I saw ...
... course to
lacked imagination.
It was a real torment.
As for me, my aunts
I have created.
They beat me
and killed me to death.
No!
I always hoped that my father
back too, but ...
Poor Coco!
Why are educated as
you, with so much money,
... children grow
bitter or delayed.
Retarded. Yes I
agrees.
Looks like I left!
Is unfortunate.
Should have
known you before.
Oh, Etienne!
Excuse me.
- Good night.
The contrary. To her, it should
have known much later.
Plumas too. Makeup
too. Ornaments too.
All others.
And you?
How do you see?
I mean ...
- I look like a whore?
- No.
It's my dress
the show.
Oh, no! The flower is saved
the dress.
Women stingray!
Begin on Tuesday
coming. At 10.
Long before the ballet.
Our own cabaret.
You imagine?
With our name on the door.
The glory and fortune
ahead.
Paris awaits us!
I can not sing
with you.
But you
saying?
Maurice asked me
in marriage.
We will live by
Paris.
I will be a Baroness.
And he does not want
I come to sing.
Listen: Do you think a
Baron is getting married ...
... with someone like you?
See if you agree!
We tested, we
the song, you stay with me.
Not want to sing.
He knows that his mother died
misery?
What is your father marketer, which
you left at nine years?
I hope one day
forgive me.
Maestro, music!
Gentlemen, you pay at the exit.
I am the electric ray.
It's wonderful, is electrifying.
When I play, a discharge.
I have seen young and old ...
... rendered down to my feet ...
... with air deprotection.
I'm the stingray,
I twist.
When I play,
be careful.
Or
electrocuted.
What happiness!
I  electricity
Come, gentlemen,
for little money,
know what
is the fire and more ...
Thank you, miss.
- Good morning.
- Allows me?
- Exactly.
Ladies!
Good morning.
How are you, Coco?
Forgot that where you
presented itself was the same?
Look, I know the director
the Rotonde.
Better leave
there.
- I come to say goodbye.
- Where are you?
I said. I will return
home.
- You do not live here?
- No. God forbid.
I'm here when I
I submit to the Army.
I am a genuine
Paris.
- Ah, you live in Paris?
- Yeah.
Not much in Paris. Rather
further. It is in Compi?gne.
Well, the time
to say goodbye.
I was happy to have
known you.
- Bye.
- Good luck, Coco.
Thank you.
Miss?
Come to see Mr. Balsan.
- Who should I advertise?
- Gabrielle. Coco!
Go, go!
Come, come.
Come!
- Very well, very well.
- Sir?
Coco?
What are you doing here?
My sister lives near here.
I wanted to make a surprise
but she was not at home.
But I remembered that
you lived in the region.
He would not sleep in the station.
Ah, what a fright! Until
I felt that my absence.
Joseph, please install
Mlle. Coco on the fourth of flowers.
Since you're here,
I will not let her on the street.
Between.
Do you like books? Not
bother. I have not read any.
Come, I want to show
thing.
Coco, I present
you my family!
Family, I present
Coco. Reverence.
My grandfather, founder of
Dynasty Balsan.
A great man.
This is the other that Gabrielle
knew before I met you.
Gabrielle Balsan. Married,
had children. Thank God.
It looks like you.
God! What horror
you're right.
Remind me that I took.
This is a De La Patelli?re.
A fraud. My cousin.
Thank God
died destitute.
And this is my fourth.
Come on, do not be shy.
We need not be pretending.
Minuch won!
He made an incredible race,
but had much luck.
Washington
not the President, the horse ...
... burned twice
the start and was disqualified.
But that's not all.
Flight of the Night who was the favorite
off the runway. Off the runway!
And Minuch had to come
the goal.
Something he did not play
soil. In a flash!
I'm speaking Greek, no?
Here, you have to
became interested in horses.
Why do not you
ready? The car awaits you.
I wanted to
here a little longer.
Not have to visit your sister?
- It's not quite know where you live.
- Look, I have to have a lot of wine ...
... because I have guests.
- You have back home.
- I will be very discreet.
Oh, no. Not my style.
Make me Bluebeard ...
... and lock you up
in my room. No.
Relax. No
know I'm here.
Okay.
Two days. No more!
- You should try with a cell.
- Not found.
- You think in 2 days I can?
- Certainly not.
This is impossible!
- Miss, could see it!
- How so?
- I can not let this lot.
- And now? Beat with your foot?
Miss, come back!
Miss, the harness.
Miss! Miss!
Friends! Propose
that sit at the table.
- The blonde nudged up?
- I feel sorry.
I had to be here to
meet one of these girls.
You see the darling
the boss?
What seems to set up?
Come on, come on!
Fast! Hurry!
Joseph, pour the champagne
the cup which I separated.
Yes, sir.
- And some small truffles.
- Yes, sir.
Give me another napkin,
this is dirty.
It's yours.
Is your napkin.
- Save the dirty napkins?
- Yes, miss.
Coco, I am Bluebeard.
Give me a little of what is mine.
To my knowledge, nothing
to say tonight ...
... can be used against
me. Huh?
You behaved optimally.
Charitable as a saint,
neither had seen nor heard.
Let me!
Where was hidden
my pussy?
Was hidden
in my attic?
- In my attic.
- Leave me alone!
You do not know how
I hated! What heat.
I have to get rid of
hair. They were my great-grandfather ...
... and this thing loads
the hair of a dead man.
- Help me.
- No.
Why not? Why not?
Wait. Not usually
about Japan?
- Japan?
- Of course.
For in Japan
are geishas.
You know what
a geisha?
A geisha is a woman who
is revealed by her man.
Wash it, wear it, take the
hair of your clothes. Understand?
In other words,
a slave.
In a way.
Come on, come on. Turn around.
And help me to take
hair.
Go, go, go!
Otherwise ...
... for the season.
Come on, help me.
Ah, my little geisha.
Who left you here so
alone? Long?
And where is this
small grove?
I am terrible
heartless Bluebeard.
Okay.
Soon we are here.
I can not stay with you?
No. I can not take you,
because I have to stay in the gallery.
Do you mind?
Should like. Staying here
below is much better.
So you will not have to
hold talks ...
the cream of the penniless.
I assure you.
Dynamite and Big Dreams.
Horse of the third row.
Can be quiet.
These are my horses.
Sorry.
But ... Oh
I believed
never see you.
You read my letters?
Why did not you say?
I was bored.
- And you, what are you doing here?
- I came with Balsan.
- How? You live with it?
- What do you think?
I live in a castle, have a
bathtub in my room ...
... a king size bed, created
at my disposal.
I have not seen anything like it.
It is a dream.
When I would think
we would be neighbors!
So, what you like
is with your Baron?
Okay. We
very passionate.
- We live half hidden.
- Do you hide?
No! Let's get married.
Like the dress?
It is a gift from Maurice.
You will arrive full of clay
house with that tail.
Do not be silly.
It is a model in Paris!
While you're there,
I will not decompose.
Look at this. Are
dying of boredom.
One day will fight for
sit at our table.
What good is already agreed.
Did not want to go, without saying goodbye.
- Do not forget the white chocolate.
- Are already in the basket.
Great.
I will not be here, but
a driver will take you to the station.
You okay?
I hope you write me
and tell me how it goes.
- He put the raspberry preserves?
- Yes, sir.
They should enjoy.
Make the fruits of the garden.
Is delicious!
Well ...
- ... goodbye.
- Bye.
- Emilienne is jovial.
- Thanks, Etienne.
always so gallant.
I have to talk about my jockey.
- No!
- Yes, absolutely yes.
Come on, friends.
All.
Miss!
Your car waiting.
I will not need
it, thank you.
Hey, hey, hey!
Easy!
Sorry. I wanted
ride it last.
Loose, or caught
the other horses.
What are you doing,
riding a horse?
Always been my passion.
- They have saved me from suicide.
- Of Suicide?
When my aunts
used to beat me,
... I fled to mount
their horses ranchers.
- Call this ride a horse?
- A does not.
You were
hiding this girl?
I do not do any good.
Come.
I present to you Coco!
A young woman full of surprises
and good.
What a beautiful fantasy!
You left him
a suit Amazon?
I would not be surprised that
this - I do not remember the name ...
... dure. It is a charm
but it is a real problem.
I think I ate too much.
It's always day.
You are a heaven.
- Where's your jock?
- He ran the floor. And it can be.
- Are you done?
- Soon we'll see.
It was upon as a
monkey. Even in my dressing room!
Seriously! And stocky.
A man like that.
It was so well endowed.
What saboteur!
True. Are all
saboteurs, gentlemen!
Saboteurs, yes.
But essential.
That's right. Yet
I prefer men to women.
What a liar!
You at least lie well.
And you, young lady, what do you think?
What are your preferences?
Contact yes, without fear.
- Talk, yes!
- Say something.
Come on, talk!
Cat got your tongue?
The skin does not understand
gender.
- Ah!
- Not bad, huh?
And as you
came to this conclusion?
Deleting the light.
Very good!
True.
So, that said, I propose
something to drink ...
and soon you are playing another game.
How are these practices
clothes! You know you understand.
Your have a lot of line, Miss.
And we, here, assembled ...
... like dolls on top
a cake.
Onward!
- Come on, come on.
- Come on.
Did not give you
the best room!
Even the poor had Mo
the blue room.
You're not even
his type.
Should by a corset.
I would be more feminine.
- Ah! One of the screen.
- Prove it.
Can you help?
Is very
beautiful without the hat.
Thank you.
There it is.
How funny!
I feel naked.
It has front
nose and mouth, right?
Emilienne, where is it?
You can not stay quiet
one minute. How awful!
Yes, but think that
have money for the feathers!
How so?
With this thing in the head, which
I do not know is how you can think.
- Think?
- In your face, I say that dreams have it.
- It Balsan to take?
- What did he tell you?
Is there anything else I
prevents them from thinking?
Come on, tell me. Do not be afraid.
No one bothers me.
Should get rid of it all.
It is a bit carnivalesque.
Oh, no. Let the ornaments.
Otherwise, I would feel poor.
Do not call her.
It's a bit simplistic.
Oh no, I told you.
We will set up Joan of Arc ...
- At the Odeon and gave me the paper.
- And you make the maiden?
- Yes
- Pinch yourself!
has to be good.
Left, right. Left, right.
Understand? Good
Let's gallop a little.
- Close your right eye.
- I can not.
It may be the left.
- Closed or not?
- What else do you give lessons?
No. It is very important that
you can ride with an eye ...
... that, riding, so
can work with others. Understand?
Look. This is what I
revealing to you ...
... is a secret
only forward ...
... from father to son
between Balsan.
I will become the
Amazon's best Royallieu.
No. It would take months,
or perhaps years.
- How so?
- How so?!
I should have understood and
have put it on the train ...
... while still
was time.
But what you
made this thing?
What happened to the
I dress as a gift?
With the filthy window.
It seemed that ...
... I was wearing
your curtains.
Alas! You
almost like a woman.
Disappointed? But
think I'm any.
Not bad.
I offer my respects.
Toma!
That was good.
Would not see the actress, but the
good counselor who helped ...
that helped the so-Conde
such a choice not without looking.
I act very badly, that
has no competition for me.
It's like being a lure
tourism or ...
... movement
art.
- And never get nervous?
- Yes
But less and less.
And this is not a good sign.
You have to see me.
So leave a little.
I work at the Chatelet
every night ...
... and could make me a hat
style of another?
- Do not know the success it did!
- Of course.
Indeed, a good time.
You will get
something remarkable.
How?
I beat my record
stay with Balsan.
My friends! Safra
1882, we will enjoy.
So beautiful!
And I a drunk!
Balsan said he met
you in a cafe-concert.
No. In fact, it was
without a coffee fix!
- It has a beautiful voice.
- Really? I'd love to hear.
- No.
- Yes, Yes, Coco!
You'll sing. It will
be the music of Coco?
- No.
- Yes, you will sing.
Who has seen Coco?
Coco the Trocadero?
Come on, sing!
- Come!
- Sing!
You have to do
effort.
Show a little
enthusiasm and enjoy.
People want to have fun.
You are here to entertain us.
So, sing!
Coco accepted sing
us about their music.
- Do you know Coco? "You saw Coco"?
- Yes Yes
Otherwise, the outside horses.
She has company.
I can see ...
... what are you reading?
Even the most foolish serials
have something interesting to tell.
Imagine what could
teach the other books!
It's funny! I was looking for you
and was sure he was here.
Someone has to read the
his books, is not it?
Before that, it has
ride my horses. Come!
Coco! Dress!
ECONOMIC CONTRADICTIONS
Philosophy of Misery (P. J. Proudhon)
You are elegant.
Go!
You were right!
You do not have
afraid of anything.
Your name?
Gabrielle.
But all I
call Coco.
They call me Boy
But in my land
'm Arthur Capel.
The bad thing is that the last
be sure they do not leave us.
They are for life.
My father was looking
I put the nickname Coco.
Every morning I wake up
Cocoric? singing.
Cocoric? soon turned to Coco,
and it was so.
I wonder who has seen Coco?
My Coco ...
It was his great success when
I took the den where he sang.
You understand, right? Coco
and I, rich. "Coco - Rico."
- I'm bothering you?
- I was congratulating Coco ...
... for his style.
- Ah, for your style? Yes!
Do not praise too, otherwise
'll be without Taylor.
Who is the woman who wears
dresses seamless
the sensible shoes,
hats without feathers,
this is Coco.
You are right to elect
simplicity, miss.
Really? You think?
Cause I like women
if adorn all.
Even so, there's no where to get!
- Stop!
No!
I do not see that.
True. Something
that makes it different.
But you only really understand
the dung of camels ...
- Are you sick?
- No.
Well then please feel free to eat,
dress up and down.
It is impolite to
my friends waiting.
Alas!
What, Coco?
Huh?
I'm sick of playing
a clown for these degenerates.
I tired
their mood swings.
Ah, the lord of the castle
tired. What a novelty!
- Do not tell me with that tone.
- I speak as you want!
No! Shut up!
Understand?
You are a rude!
Imagine if it were not rich!
See how your friends
give you up quickly!
Okay.
Let's forget it.
Go down when you are calm.
I will not calm down.
What do you think?
Goal with their wealth, with
with their gambling and their whores!
Why would I here, knowing
better gallop, ...?
... accommodate me with a drunk?
You know where the door
darling. No one safe.
I know that the
to see us together, people will say ...
How can this woman
Elegant want that good-natured fat?
I'm not a fat
natured. As you can see ...
... I lost weight too.
Yes, but ... Well! Not that
is very beautiful to look at.
- I'm nice!
- Yes, this is clear.
And  kind, talented
and charming.
This is my pen. I
a lover with grades ...
... of a husband.
Well, let me think.
You do not have curves,
but it is attractive and fun.
Such Romain-Ville.
Very good family.
Much cult
that bastard there.
- You will learn more than just horses.
- Who are they?
But it is a little dizzy.
There is also a duke, ...
... a little older,
but not manly.
I want to work.
I want to make a living.
I would like to be an actress.
You're a bit old
to start.
And work.
What a surprise!
But you're famous.
Knows many people.
I'm sure
you can get me something.
Let me see ...
What did you do before
of living with Balsan?
He did nothing.
Sewed.
That you could only
do in Paris.
There is no madness.
You have talent.
I told you that the girls
here love their hats?
You could work
a headgear.
I do not like it!
You want something,
but do not know what.
Emilienne, help me!
You said it would Balsan
away?
Well, come back to the castle.
If he asks you, tell him
I asked you to come.
Invent something, but not
you say you wanted to leave.
'm Telling the story.
Do not judge so, Coco.
Balsan is easy to take.
You're lucky.
Enjoy what you have.
Luck?
Good morning.
Hungry?
Muffins.
Do not know anything, but
for the English is "turn-eyes."
Well, Boy, where are the
five ships of coal ...
that made me buy
last month?
Why, I remember you, if I
remember correctly, we go to war.
Yes, I hope so. Can I resell
them the price of gold.
Negotiates with coal?
I believe that Mr. Capel
what would be,
since that was the greatest man
business in England. Right?
So sell me ships.
For that you paid so much.
Were it not for their advice,
I would be working ...
... today with
my poor wife.
It Moleur! You
enough to climb it!
Work.
What verb so horrible!
It is the worst form of
live life.
Sure, but is most
tiring.
Mr. Parton is here.
The creator of Cardiff arrived.
Do not let us wait.
- Are you coming?
- Coming.
I count on you.
Because my English
is Poorly.
And I want the Heart of
Darkness. I want that horse.
So, not alarmed.
She has an ease
terrible to disappear.
I was afraid
never to see you.
You are not happy here?
You should go.
Balsan is waiting and it seems
you are indispensable.
Why not
answer my question?
If I had to answer
to all who ask me ...
You work even
or just pretending?
What do you think?
Here nobody works.
Maybe I would have liked
pretend, but ...
... the truth is that
I do not have to lie.
My mother was missing something
for my father to marry her.
The aristocratic touch, as
they say in France.
I was not raised by my parents.
Do not make that face!
Did not seem unhappy
have been so? Of ever ...
... have opened or read a book. Neither
have traveled, not knowing anything?
What then perhaps you
liked better.
You are too harsh!
You asked me a
fantasy of an orphan.
What do you mean?
An orphan English to see
... so poor that
is getting undressed.
- Open a little dress.
- No.
Please.
You are a donkey. Would
to show a little ...
... more muscles, breasts.
It is much more
provocative suggest.
- It's stubborn as a mule, eh?
- Gabrielle?
- Que bonita!
- Thank you.
How happy I am
to see you!
- How am I?
- Sober.
I do not want to be sober.
Is a disaster!
- I underestimated you again?
- I did not want to fight back.
Manure continues
the same.
Coco!
Help me. I
walking weird.
No! Is moving
naturally.
I feel that is falling
everything and I need to be tight.
Why do you want to go with
something that prevents it from breathing?
Its beautiful pirate?
Hello!
Captain John Racker.
What can I do for you?
Nothing.
I do not believe
to be happy.
The only thing that
I lack is a job.
You could offer me
something with so much coal!
And it's not much that can
make a woman?
Yes, nothing to say ...
... that is a man
despite other.
To impress him?
Who do you take me?
Who hid,
the animal ate!
Ah
A girl!
Again!
Marveilleux
Bravo!
What did you do in the bedroom?
Everything is silent.
You should see all mad
with your dress orphan.
- Have you ever fallen in love?
- Ah, never worked.
But how?
What do you feel? Feels good?
If you feel bad? How?
Where did you leave?
How to fall in love?
It ... It's horrible.
Awful. Awful!
What are you doing?
I'm going.
What nonsense.
Enjoy a little.
I have nothing
what to do here.
Sure.
Balsan account with you.
You know very well
because I'm here.
How? Still midnight.
Wait at least for morning.
Good night, Gabrielle.
Stay a while.
Why should I?
Come! Come!
Come! Out!
Let us all!
I'm not used to
undressing boys.
Look who's here!
C'mon, let
coffee.
- Where is your eye patch?
- I lost the battle.
My friend, you do not know
as we well!
Emilienne was furious.
He bit an employee.
He saw Coco by chance? Will
who hid too?
I do not find it.
- It disappears forever?
- There is something recent.
You feel something for her?
Since when interest
you what I feel?
Since yesterday.
I tell you that it is a
companion fantastic, lovely.
Mind you that I
take her for two days?
It pleases him so?
I like.
- She'll go with you?
- I think so.
Then it's quiet.
You can take it.
Thank you.
I never
seen the sea.
See? She put
all jewelry.
You see? Is so tight
it will split in two.
Look at them! With all these
meringues in the head.
We seem
a pastry.
- Sometimes I'm ashamed to speak evil.
- You are an anarchist.
- I feel a real aversion.
- This phrase is not his.
It Jules Renard.
See? I've read other books.
Tonight we
dance in the Casino.
Will not bother you
see us?
- What things do you think!
I did not bring clothes
appropriate for this.
Because the rule is to be dressed
to be more elegant.
What would a color that
escape really a color?
Are perfect.
I also have a very mauve
beautiful fabric.
I think it would be better.
No, only the black
emphasizes the look.
- And I want this income.
- Okay.
What about the neckline, I want
download the 10 cm.
And, above all, nothing
seams.
But seamless dress
be released.
Let him
have at least one belt.
- Do as I say.
- Exactly.
All women
look at you.
look is for you.
You're beautiful!
I have you
when I get back!
Do not leave without
say hello ...
Is your car running?
I?
Yes, of course.
- It's amazing.
- Beware! You'll end up liking.
How was the trip?
You have fun?
What did? I thought
you were very busy.
- Worried?
- No, not worried.
And as for me,
I've been good.
Although it is not apparent,
is a very fragile.
So do not mess with it.
I know.
I surprised?
Etienne!
Am I only have
grow.
Beautiful fabric
huh?
You making hats.
I look at you.
The living image of
a happy couple.
Who knew that you were
spend two days with another man?
You like the Deauville?
Yes, especially
sea.
- What did you do?
- We dance in the Casino.
And he did not feel
shame on me.
If you were in England,
I also would have taken you ...
Buckingham Palace.
Last night, the beach
were fishing.
How wonderful those men
blue and the brightness of the fish.
One day you come with me
see what is real fish.
What do you know?
He never left his castle.
You are wrong.
I love the sea.
Not long ago, fished
a shark ...
... an old boat
England.
No way.
Oh, no?
- Ask him.
- When Boy?
Four years.
Exactly.
And how was it?
It was not pretty,
but he had something.
No. You do not.
Him
Irresistible!
Course.
We morriis
of jealousy, because ...
robbed us of all lovers.
But always with great flair.
That's what disgusts
charm in English.
Elegance.
- He came to fall in love?
- No.
But they did.
The emphasis was terrible.
It was heartbreaking
everywhere.
France, England.
Finally, in all those
places where there March
Not know why, but
when it moves,
... he takes them there.
How strange, no?
- Are you jealous?
- Terribly.
Gabrielle?
What are you doing here?
- I had to see you.
- Enter.
Well, what you have
to tell me?
Remember that
the Chambre d'Amour, Blanche, ...
... legend,
travels the world on foot?
For love of the prince?
Exactly.
- You? Really?
- It's terrible ...
I do not know what is happening to me.
I am an idiot!
- I would like to get married.
- Gabrielle!
- And the parents agree?
- It will be done anyway.
You're lucky.
You are more beautiful
than ever.
For my parents
it even want to know me.
I am a late life,
live to tell.
Well, wait to die.
We're almost there.
Care.
It is for you.
But it is the love of your life.
Exactly.
I can not accept
Snow White.
Oh yes yes.
I'm leaving.
Sorry, is that ...
I think free because ...
... I who put
the fox in the henhouse.
I thought you
was tired of ...
my mood swings.
You should not
precipitate.
What kind of animal bit you?
When I was here ...
... you kept me
locked.
A perfect idiot.
This is your home.
Go live in England?
I think so.
- Do not you know?
- There or wherever.
- In health and disease.
- Yes, more or less.
It hurts, does not believe?
It ... normal.
- This will pass.
- Yes, of course.
I lie.
No?
I do not want
you go.
I'm afraid. Fear
that you are unhappy.
What you see,
suddenly, nothing.
- How so?
- It should be the one to tell you.
Boy is getting married.
With an English.
That's nonsense.
There is a marriage
convenience.
He is a bastard and she
is very rich. His father has ...
... half of the mines
coal from England.
Sorry, Coco.
I am very puzzled
suddenly ...
... you had become
a gentleman!
Coco! Open.
Open, please.
Coco, forget what he said.
Coco, I'm sorry.
Open!
Coco?
Small mismatches
darling!
I present Sophie,
works in Poly.
Hello
You can not believe that
someone trapped in a castle ...
... one who makes me
hats.
She is willing to
spend a fortune ...
... for you to do one.
It gave many
hopes.
We brought some models
just in case.
Here they are.
Then.
What do you think?
We are in the stables.
Come.
Coming.
Take your time.
Good morning, Gabrielle.
How is your country?
You could say that's great,
green and gray, and rainy.
What are you thinking?
In my sister.
You are a
very old woman.
For what purpose?
She keeps thinking
your going to marry Baron.
If you wish, you may not
need to get married.
Yet
everyone home.
In general, love
has nothing to do with it.
Marriage is just
a social convention.
So why believe
Balsan asked me to marry him?
- Do not take him seriously?
- Why not?
I have a status.
If you marry
him ...
... would give
everything?
You refer to ride a horse
and entertain the guests?
No.
Gabrielle, an exceptional future
waiting for you.
You and your idioms!
You're different.
You have to trust yourself.
Anyway, not
I intend to marry.
I always knew that
is the wife of one.
Even yours.
And I am what you see:
oblivion.
See. My mother was
a fool.
He married for love.
She spent her days crying.
My father always mistaken.
Night after sleepless night.
Waiting for him.
One morning, when he returned,
found her lying
... dead.
Thus, it is better to be lover
the wife.
The worst wedding
is the couple.
Are you surprised?
I'm getting married.
Congratulations.
Nothing will change between us.
Of course yes.
It will not play?
Look at her!
I go to Paris.
And what will you do in Paris?
I already told you.
I'll make a fortune.
And you can know that great
idea will bring rich and famous?
- I design hats.
- Excellent idea,
... but that you can do here.
Pay you what you miss.
If you make a couple of hats for
her friends, I have no fortune.
You thought seriously
to work, huh?
It is absurd? What do you think?
I think is right.
It may be that in England,
they make the women work.
But here we still
something gallant.
- And if you know how to add 2 + 2?
- But you will learn.
No money. No
thought about it?
I'll get.
I'll borrow.
Should not put these
ideas in her head.
It will not take it
nowhere.
We could get married.
Would be the solution
all their problems.
You could do many
how many hats he wanted.
I would face even
my family of barbarians.
I have no intention
I married one.
At least, you are direct.
The money you need ...
Who will give me.
I'll take you
to ruin.
I give you.
Ready.
You're leaving me.
You will see me?
I miss you.
Me too.
What will I do without you?
I'm afraid.
Adrienne!
Wow! A gentleman!
Ahab you.
How easy undress you!
- Until now.
- Stay here.
Hats Part Emilienne
are not finished.
Small compared
their hats.
If you were less
I talk more.
- Oh, no!
- For your place.
I think I found
home.
- Where?
- Near here.
Not far from the sea.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Oysters are to
you?
Miss.
We can rent it
for two months.
Two months?
I can not believe.
I do not know.
Let's stop.
I'll take my chances.
This is your hat?
I pay
the rent.
I thought you gave
a rocket ...
and gave you freedom.
If I had expected, you
married to a celebrity.
And not with the daughter of the owner
of an old castle.
And we would have been happy.
Did not we happy?
- Come on, you go.
- No, not think.
Yes I need
your opinion.
Come. Take the wheel.
Freie.
Freie!
Freie we beat.
Not bad!
You need a well,
but driver.
I'll buy.
Wait for the next month.
I do not know if we will have
enough money in the bank.
How so?
Is the money in the account
I won, right? Mine!
But if the bank lends
the money to you ...
... is why I endorse.
- So I depend on you?
- For now.
Gabrielle.
Starting tomorrow, I'll take care
accounts and talk to the bank.
The proud people feed
their own suffering.
What you want from me?
You are too proud.
Will suffer.
The work of the body relieves
the heartaches ...
... and that is what makes
the poor happy.
Poor happy! This is
an invention of the rich.
That's it! You are
ready to read Nietzsche.
You wove me
blue shirt?
Know the difference between
you and me?
I am a man
and you a woman ...
... and men and women
not dress the same.
You had to rob me
not?
Only found
England.
- What is done?
- It's a jersey.
You are impossible!
Help me!
If not, I do not
leave more.
Well, here we are!
Let's go.
- Seriously, I have to go.
- So, rev.
I am tired of
see you go.
Then I go with you.
This is your
traveling clothes?
Tomorrow I'm back. Then
have two months.
Only two of us.
Sixty days and
sixty nights.
You will not regret
has not taken me.
Ah, do not make me spend saliva.
I know what you'll tell me.
What  I let
wiggle me.
Well, yes!
Yes
You left
that wiggle on you.
See? I knew it! Also
know what's next.
Now that I'm going
behave as one creates ...
... 2 minutes and call me
of nasty e. ..
... 5, will break
something.
the way, I recommend
this small jug.
Almost  you dropped there
one and a half ...
... back to the party
public school.
But if you do not hang,
can do it in pieces.
And now, to the end, the better.
So do not fall into monotony.
... - For a change.
- Enough! Do not get me out of serious
- Enough! Stop talking.
- Now comes the "disgusting".
Asquerosa
- You behaved ...
- ... as one creates.
Exactly.
You  denigrated the honorable
surname of my family.
What a pity!
Instead, ...
... would
a complaint.
What's happening?
You're almost done.
Outside is better.
... on the container in question,
if not told what to think,
... is because I was swept along
by certain considerations,
... you to know you
Theater bother me too much.
- Why cut your hair?
- Me bothered.
You know what they say? What a
woman who cuts hair ...
... is a woman who is
about to change his life.
- I would dine with me?
- I would love.
Let.
Boy had a car accident.
He is in hospital?
In 60-year career, Coco Chanel
drew thousands of models that ...
... defined the modern woman.
She put the biggest celebrities
of the time.
It was the first woman who stood out in
world of men, founding ...
... an empire that still bears
your name.
She never married.
She worked until his death,
one night January 1971.
It was a Sunday, the day
of rest, the day she hated.
Subtitles and translation:
atributarista